[Music]
hey everybody is rosy and in this video
I want to share my recipe for my cheddar
garlic mashed potatoes so I'm starting
off with my peeled and chopped russet
potatoes I have them in a large pot and
now I am going to pour in some cool
water we want enough water to cover all
of our potatoes so now I'm going to
bring my water to a boil and we want to
boil our potatoes until they are fork
tender then we're going to drain our
potatoes and set them aside my next step
will be melting down 2 to 3 tablespoons
of salted butter and I'm going to add in
1/2 teaspoon of minced garlic so at this
time my heat is on medium and now I'm
going to add in all of my potatoes next
we're going to mash our potatoes until
we can get as many lumps out as possible
if you like lumpy mashed potatoes child
you are truly different but multiples
don't like lumps in our mashed potatoes
so we're going to mash them down
completely our next step will be adding
in half-and-half if you've been using
milk your whole life and you don't want
to use half-and-half or you don't have
half-and-half on hand go ahead and just
use regular milk I love the taste of
half and half with my mashed potatoes so
that's what I'm using and as you can see
I'm adding a little bit more I just want
to make sure my potatoes are nice and
creamy so now I'm going to add in some
salt in a little bit of ground black
pepper followed by some shredded sharp
cheddar
so now let's just take a kitchen utensil
and we want to make sure everything is
nicely folded so we don't just have the
cheese on top of the potatoes and once
the cheese starts to melt it's going to
look nice and delicious and creamy just
like this and baby we are ready to serve
so tonight I am serving my cheddar
garlic mashed potatoes with my turkey
meatloaf and I will place a link down
below so that you can view that video if
you haven't already
I'll also be serving my nice creamy
cheddar garlic mashed potatoes with some
green beans and honey that was
completely it this is a family favorite
I hope you guys give it a try and I also
want to thank you all for watching my
video so be sure to check me out at all
of these other social media sites
because I love hearing from all of you
I'm on Facebook Pinterest and Instagram
I'm even on Twitter and if you want the
complete recipe the measurements and
more of my recipes be sure to check me
out at I heart recipes com see you all
soon
you
[Music]